docs(showcase): update "Accessibility" page (#5358)
SchwarzIT/onyx: apps/showcase/content/en/introduction/02.foundation/06.accessibility.md

---
title: Accessibility
description: Web accessibility guidelines and laws are crucial for ensuring that the digital content is inclusive and accessible to individuals with disabilities. Our design system is aiming to be level AA (WCAG 2.2) compliant.
---

## Our commitment

To make sure products are accessible to everyone, we are **committed to being compliant with level AA** for all of our components.

> The [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.2](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/) developed by the Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI), are a set of guidelines which purpose is to provide a comprehensive intentionally recognized framework for making web content more accessible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.2](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/) developed by the Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI), are a set of guidelines which purpose is to provide a comprehensive framework for making web content more accessible:
```

<steps>

::step
#headline
Level A

#default
Addresses the most critical barriers—such as basic keyboard operability—without which navigation would be impossible for many users.
::

::step
#headline
Level AA <onyx-tag label="Our target standard" color="success" />

#default
This level optimizes readability and interaction reliability for the general public and meets the legal requirements for digital products.
::

::step
#headline
Level AAA

#default
The highest tier with specialized requirements, such as sign language interpretation, typically relevant for specific government agencies or dedicated target groups.
::

</steps>

## What accessibility means for us

Among other things, we mainly focus on the following key principles for our design system:

<steps>

::step
#headline
ARIA Patterns

#default
If applicable, our components are implemented following their official [ARIA Pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/). This ensures that known and established design and functional patterns are used that the user is already familiar with.
::

::step
#headline
Assistive technology

#default

> Focusing on keyboard support on screen readers, all of our components can additionally be navigated using the keyboard or screen readers (if applicable). We also enforce this by e.g. adding required properties to certain components (such as labels), even if it might seem unneeded for "visual" users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We guarantee keyboard support for all our components and provide additional context for screen readers where needed. Accessibility and descriptive properties are required, not optional.
```
